doc/tidb-cloud add v.7.10 sysbench test result (#13756)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/v7.1.0-performance-benchmarking-with-sysbench.md

---
title: TiDB Cloud Sysbench Performance Test Report
summary: Introduce the Sysbench performance test results for TiDB Cloud.
---

# TiDB Cloud Sysbench Performance Test Report

This document provides the Sysbench performance test steps and results for a TiDB Dedicated cluster with the TiDB version of v7.1.0. This report can also be used as a reference for the performance of TiDB v7.1.0 clusters.

## Test overview

This test aims at showing the Sysbench performance of TiDB v7.1.0 in the Online Transactional Processing (OLTP) scenario.

## Test environment

### TiDB cluster

The test is conducted on a TiDB cluster with the following settings:

- Cluster type: [Dedicated Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier)
- Cluster version: v7.1.0
- Cloud provider: AWS (us-west-2)
- Cluster configuration:

   | Node type | Node size | Node quantity | Node storage |
   |:----------|:----------|:----------|:----------|
   | TiDB      | 16 vCPU, 32 GiB | 2 | N/A |
   | TiKV      | 16 vCPU, 64 GiB | 3 | 1000 GiB |

### Parameter configuration

>    Enabling the below parameter can have a positive impact on performance in the 'oltp_insert','oltp_read_write','oltp_update_index','oltp_update_non_index' scenario.

Reviewer: IMO, it would be better to say [log recycling](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/tikv-configuration-file#enable-log-recycle-new-in-v630), which is enabled by default in v6.3.0, can improve the performance of these 4 scenarios. Enabling the below parameter can let the log recycling effective immediately after initialization, speeding up the benchmark. https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/tikv-configuration-file#prefill-for-recycle-new-in-v700

>    Disabling this parameter can potentially improve performance in the 'oltp_point_select' scenario. The 'raft-engine.prefill-for-recycle' parameter is disabled by default.

Reviewer: I think there is no need to tell the users about this. It's still under investigation.

#### TiKV parameter configuration

{{< copyable "" >}}

```yaml
raft-engine.prefill-for-recycle = true
```

#### How to edit tikv config

> we recommend contacting our support team. Our support team is available to assist you with parameter modifications according to your specific requirements.

Reviewer: Need to double-check the support team.

### Benchmark executor

The benchmark executor sends SQL queries to the TiDB cluster. In this test, its hardware configuration is as follows:

- Machine type: Amazon EC2 (us-west-2)
- Instance type: c6a.2xlarge

## Test steps

This section introduces how to perform the Sysbench performance test step by step.

1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), create a TiDB Dedicated cluster that meets the [test environment](#tidb-cluster) requirements.

   For more information, see [Create a TiDB cluster](/tidb-cloud/create-tidb-cluster.md).

2. On the benchmark executor, connect to the newly created cluster and create a database named `sbtest`.

   To connect to the cluster, see [Connect via Private Endpoint](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections.md).

   To create the `sbtest` database, execute the following SQL statement:

   ```sql
   CREATE DATABASE sbtest;
   ```

3. Load Sysbench data to the `sbtest` database.

   1. The test in this document is implemented based on [sysbench](https://github.com/akopytov/sysbench). You can download the test program using the following command:

      ```shell

>       curl -s https://packagecloud.io/install/repositories/akopytov/sysbench/script.deb.sh | sudo bash

Reviewer: This script cannot install the latest version of sysbench. I think we should recommend the user to use "Build and Install" to install sysbench and also provide the sysbench version we used

      sudo apt -y install sysbench
      ```

   2. Run the following `sysbench prepare` command to import 32 tables and 10 millons rows to the `sbtest` database. Replace `${HOST}`, `${PORT}`, `${THREAD}`, and `${PASSWORD}` with your actual values. 

      ```shell
      sysbench oltp_common \
         --threads=${THREAD} \
         --db-driver=mysql \
         --mysql-db=sbtest \
         --mysql-host=${HOST}  \
         --mysql-port=${PORT} \
         --mysql-user=root \
         --mysql-password=${PASSWORD} \
         prepare --tables=32 --table-size=10000000
      ```

> 5. Run the following `sysbench run` command to conduct stress tests on the TiDB Dedicated cluster. For each concurrency, the test takes 15 minutes. This document conducts three tests with the `${THREAD}` value of `100`, `200`, and `400`.

Reviewer: The test takes 20 minutes

---
title: TiDB Cloud Sysbench Performance Test Report
summary: Introduce the Sysbench performance test results for TiDB Cloud.
---

# TiDB Cloud Sysbench Performance Test Report

This document provides the Sysbench performance test steps and results for a TiDB Dedicated cluster with the TiDB version of v7.1.0. This report can also be used as a reference for the performance of TiDB v7.1.0 clusters.

## Test overview

This test aims at showing the Sysbench performance of TiDB v7.1.0 in the Online Transactional Processing (OLTP) scenario.

## Test environment

### TiDB cluster

The test is conducted on a TiDB cluster with the following settings:

- Cluster type: [TiDB Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-dedicated)
- Cluster version: v7.1.0
- Cloud provider: AWS (us-west-2)
- Cluster configuration:

   | Node type | Node size | Node quantity | Node storage |
   |:----------|:----------|:----------|:----------|
   | TiDB      | 16 vCPU, 32 GiB | 2 | N/A |
   | TiKV      | 16 vCPU, 64 GiB | 3 | 1000 GiB |

### Parameter configuration

> **Note:**
>

> > To modify the TiKV configuration of your cluster, you can contact the [PingCAP support team](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md) for help.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> For TiDB Cloud, to modify the TiKV parameters of your cluster, you can contact [PingCAP Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md) for help.
```

The TiKV parameter [`prefill-for-recycle`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#prefill-for-recycle-new-in-v700) can make log recycling effective immediately after initialization.

> 

Reviewer 2: 文档里提供的顺序和结果是先做的 `oltp_point_select` test，然后做的其他四个 test。那这里要不先让用户按照默认  prefill-for-recycle = false 完成 `oltp_point_select` test，然后再 enable  prefill-for-recycle 完成其他四个 test。

Reviewer 3: Done https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/13756/commits/5badade9d8ba3b653b375b1b9c3216fa01851e4b

Reviewer: 其实我不想强调oltp_point_select test的时候关掉这个参数，因为我们改参数还挺费劲。能不能改成说oltp_point_select test用默认参数即可，如果用户只测oltp_point_select或者类似的测试，就可以不用折腾参数的事情了。

Reviewer 3: @Yui-Song PTAL https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/13756/commits/dab067f52697bc6188ed01b3d42e124a2376564d

> The TiKV parameter [`prefill-for-recycle`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#prefill-for-recycle-new-in-v700) can make log recycling effective immediately after initialization. This document conducts tests based on different parameter values across several workloads:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The TiKV parameter [`prefill-for-recycle`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#prefill-for-recycle-new-in-v700) can make log recycling effective immediately after initialization. This document conducts tests based on different workloads with the following `prefill-for-recycle` configuration:
```

> - For the `oltp_point_select` workload, disable the [`prefill-for-recycle`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#prefill-for-recycle-new-in-v700) parameter:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- For the `oltp_point_select` workload, use the default value of the [`prefill-for-recycle`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#prefill-for-recycle-new-in-v700) parameter:
```

> The TiKV parameter [`prefill-for-recycle`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#prefill-for-recycle-new-in-v700) can make log recycling effective immediately after initialization.
> 
> Enable the [`prefill-for-recycle`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#prefill-for-recycle-new-in-v700) parameter in `oltp_insert`, `oltp_read_write` , `oltp_update_index`, and `oltp_update_non_index` tests:
> 
> ```yaml
> raft-engine.prefill-for-recycle = true
> ```
> 
> Disable the [`prefill-for-recycle`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#prefill-for-recycle-new-in-v700) parameter in the `oltp_point_select` test:
> 
> ```yaml
> raft-engine.prefill-for-recycle = false
> ```

Reviewer 3: ````suggestion
The TiKV parameter [`prefill-for-recycle`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#prefill-for-recycle-new-in-v700) can make log recycling effective immediately after initialization. This document conducts tests based on different parameter values across several workloads:

- For the `oltp_point_select` workload, disable the [`prefill-for-recycle`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#prefill-for-recycle-new-in-v700) parameter:

    ```yaml
    raft-engine.prefill-for-recycle = false
    ```

- For `oltp_insert`, `oltp_read_write` , `oltp_update_index`, and `oltp_update_non_index` workloads, enable the [`prefill-for-recycle`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#prefill-for-recycle-new-in-v700) parameter:

    ```yaml
    raft-engine.prefill-for-recycle = true
    ```
````

2. On the benchmark executor, connect to the newly created cluster and create a database named `sbtest`.

   To connect to the cluster, see [Connect via Private Endpoint](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections.md).

   To create the `sbtest` database, execute the following SQL statement:

   ```sql
   CREATE DATABASE sbtest;
   ```

3. Load Sysbench data to the `sbtest` database.

   1. The test in this document is implemented based on [sysbench](https://github.com/akopytov/sysbench). To install sysbench, see [Building and installing from source](https://github.com/akopytov/sysbench#building-and-installing-from-source).

   2. Run the following `sysbench prepare` command to import 32 tables and 10,000,000 rows to the `sbtest` database. Replace `${HOST}`, `${PORT}`, `${THREAD}`, and `${PASSWORD}` with your actual values.

      ```shell
      sysbench oltp_common \
         --threads=${THREAD} \
         --db-driver=mysql \
         --mysql-db=sbtest \
         --mysql-host=${HOST} \
         --mysql-port=${PORT} \
         --mysql-user=root \
         --mysql-password=${PASSWORD} \
         prepare --tables=32 --table-size=10000000
      ```

> 4. Run the following `sysbench run` command to conduct stress tests on the TiDB Dedicated cluster. For each concurrency, the test takes 20 minutes. This document conducts tests on five workloads: `oltp_point_select`, `oltp_read_write`, `oltp_update_non_index`, `oltp_update_index`, and `oltp_insert`. For each workload, this document conducts three tests with the `${THREAD}` value of `100`, `200`, and `400`.

Reviewer 2: "For each concurrency", what does "each concurrency" mean?

Reviewer 3: > `--time` limits the total execution time in seconds.

For each workload, the following `sysbench run` command is executed 3 times, each time with a different level of concurrency (the number of threads) specified by `${THREAD}`.
```
sysbench ${WORKLOAD} run \
      --mysql-host=${HOST} \
      --mysql-port=${PORT} \
      --mysql-user=root \
      --db-driver=mysql \
      --mysql-db=sbtest \
      --threads=${THREAD} \
      --time=1200 \
      --report-interval=10 \
      --tables=32 \
      --table-size=10000000 \
      --mysql-ignore-errors=1062,2013,8028,9007 \
      --auto-inc=false \
      --mysql-password=${PASSWORD}
```

> 4. Run the following `sysbench run` command to conduct stress tests on the TiDB Dedicated cluster. For each concurrency, the test takes 20 minutes. This document conducts tests on five workloads: `oltp_point_select`, `oltp_read_write`, `oltp_update_non_index`, `oltp_update_index`, and `oltp_insert`. For each workload, this document conducts three tests with the `${THREAD}` value of `100`, `200`, and `400`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Run the following `sysbench run` command to conduct Sysbench performance tests on different workloads. This document conducts tests on five workloads: `oltp_point_select`, `oltp_read_write`, `oltp_update_non_index`, `oltp_update_index`, and `oltp_insert`. For each workload, this document conducts three tests with the `${THREAD}` value of `100`, `200`, and `400`. For each concurrency, the test takes 20 minutes. 
```

   ```shell
   sysbench ${WORKLOAD} run \
      --mysql-host=${HOST} \
      --mysql-port=${PORT} \
      --mysql-user=root \
      --db-driver=mysql \
      --mysql-db=sbtest \
      --threads=${THREAD} \
      --time=1200 \
      --report-interval=10 \
      --tables=32 \
      --table-size=10000000 \
      --mysql-ignore-errors=1062,2013,8028,9007 \
      --auto-inc=false \
      --mysql-password=${PASSWORD}
   ```

## Test results

This section introduces the Sysbench performance of v7.1.0 in the [test environment](#test-environment).

### Point select performance

> The performance on `oltp_point_select` workload is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The performance on the `oltp_point_select` workload is as follows:
```

| Threads |  TPS | 95% latency (ms)|
|:--------|:----------|:----------|
| 100  | 56,039 | 2.34 |
| 200 | 95,908 | 2.78 |
| 400 | 111,810 | 5.57 |

![Sysbench point select performance](/media/tidb-cloud/v7.1.0-oltp_select_point.png)

### Read write performance

> The performance on `oltp_read_write` workload is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The performance on the `oltp_read_write` workload is as follows:
```

| Threads |  TPS | 95% latency (ms)|
|:--------|:----------|:----------|
| 100  | 1,789 | 66.8 |
| 200 | 2,842 | 97.6 |
| 400 | 3,090 | 191 |

![Sysbench read write performance](/media/tidb-cloud/v.7.1.0-oltp_read_write.png)

### Update non-index performance

> The performance on `oltp_update_non_index` workload is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The performance on the `oltp_update_non_index` workload is as follows:
```

| Threads |  TPS | 95% latency (ms)|
|:--------|:----------|:----------|
| 100  | 7,944 | 16.7 |
| 200 | 13,844 | 19.0 |
| 400 | 29,063 | 20.4 |

![Sysbench update non-index performance](/media/tidb-cloud/v7.1.0-oltp_update_non_index.png)

### Update index performance

> The performance on `oltp_update_index` workload is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The performance on the `oltp_update_index` workload is as follows:
```

| Threads |  TPS | 95% latency (ms)|
|:--------|:----------|:----------|
| 100  | 6,389 | 20 |
| 200 | 12,583 | 22.3 |
| 400 | 22,393 | 25.7 |

![Sysbench update index performance](/media/tidb-cloud/v7.1.0-oltp_update_index.png)

### Insert performance

> The performance on `oltp_insert` workload is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The performance on the `oltp_insert` workload is as follows:
```
